[improve][doc] Improve TLS transport encryption and authentication (#16924)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/security-tls-authentication.md

[Command-line tools](reference-cli-tools.md) like [`pulsar-admin`](/tools/pulsar-admin/), [`pulsar-perf`](reference-cli-tools.md#pulsar-perf), and [`pulsar-client`](reference-cli-tools.md#pulsar-client) use the `conf/client.conf` config file in a Pulsar installation.

> You need to add the following parameters to that file to use TLS authentication with the CLI tools of Pulsar, alongside [the configuration to enable tls transport](security-tls-transport.md#cli-tools):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use TLS authentication with the CLI tools of Pulsar, you need to add the following parameters to the `conf/client.conf` file, alongside [the configuration to enable TLS transport](security-tls-transport.md#cli-tools):
```
